Customize validity message (#37)
github/auto-check-element: README.md

Provide a URL and a CSRF token and the autocheck component will show validation confirmations and validation errors.

The endpoint should respond to POST requests with:

- a 200 HTTP status code if the provided value if valid.
- a 422 HTTP status code if the provided value is invalid.

> - a optional error message in the body and a `Content-Type` header with a value of `text/html; fragment`.

Reviewer: I think this line should be updated since we don't care about the response body anymore.

  console.log('Adding to FormData before network request is sent.')
  const {body} = event.detail
  body.append('custom_form_data', 'value')

>   // Invalidate input while network request is live.

Reviewer: This reads as if `setValidity` wasn't called, the input would stay valid.

```suggestion
  // Provide a custom validation message while network request is live.
```

  event.detail.setValidity('Checking with server…')
})
input.addEventListener('auto-check-success', async function(event) {
  const message = await event.detail.response.text()
  console.log('Validation passed', message)
})
input.addEventListener('auto-check-error', function(event) {

>   // Asynchronously extract text response and invalidate the input.

Reviewer: Same here.

```suggestion
  // Asynchronously extract text response and provide a custom validation message for the input.
```

Reviewer: IMO it'd be clearer if we document these in like `<text-expander>` where each event is listed, including its custom detail and their types. Specifically so we can write in words that `setValidity` takes a `Promise<string>` or `string`.

https://github.com/github/text-expander-element#events
